bombin Walter masters of accountancy
program here at UT what is the vehicle
that we're looking at right now we were
looking at a 1985 toyota celica gt-s it
was a one owner when i bought it in 2005
got it last year in high school it's
changing up for my truck wanted
something a little more sporty ER and I
saw this thing in the paper and was like
85 I don't know if I'd be interested in
that they don't went and looked at it
and I just really liked the way it
looked and pretty much you know i was
looking at either that or like maybe a
nissan 240sx when i saw this thing just
a look got me right off the bat and I
was like this is what I need so what was
it about this that made you decide
against the 240sx um just the GTS i
guess i thought i had a cleaner look the
240 i was looking at had the guy had
done some I guess he had put a little
bit of done a little bodywork put a body
kit on the front part but not the sides
and really just I guess the solid
original GTS sort of just kind of one
out I'll really enjoy the way it look
GTS / the 240sx probably looked a little
sleeker but I just when it came down to
it and also the celica had a sunroof and
240 did not so that helped what's
special about this vehicle is it is a is
it a bone stock vehicle have you made
any modifications to it pretty much it's
a bone stock vehicle- the CD player
which I put in myself everything else is
all original and I do have the original
stock tape player equalizer you know set
for that so I could put it back in
alright and how much money did you pay
for this back in 05 in 05 paid forty
five hundred dollars um well actually I
made the guy he wanted five for it made
him forty five hundred dollar offer and
then you know he didn't want it a couple
guys put a couple other guys he said
came and looked at it offered the exact
same amount when they did that he called
me up because he knew I really like the
car and told me and sell it not jumped
on and immediately all right so very
cool vehicles available for very little
money yeah yeah
because students have have trouble
sometimes put wrapping their heads
around it they think they have to settle
for something less than exciting just
because they can't afford something
pricier what kind of experience do you
have in the auto market well I guess I
mean for me one thing that was really
big is just sort of timeline and ever
for some students you know you've been
in a wreck or something like that you
have to get a car quickly so you might
not have the time to really put some
research in around your local markets
and you know see what's out there you
might have to go and get it really but
for students with time if you just want
to change cars or you know you're
getting your first car and your parents
are buying it or your help they're
helping your buyer or you're just
getting it first and you know you have
the time to look around I would say just
you know you don't want to rush into it
because you know one you can look around
find something really like and to you
can look into older cars like this if
you have a you know mechanic you can
trust really go check out the engine and
make sure you know it's what they say
what they say it is the seller so you
know if you have time and you have a
good mechanic you can look at older cars
like this and really find a gym all
right you said you're getting your
antique tanks yep yeah get them this
vlog is actually this January gotta wait
till 2010 when it actually becomes 25
years old but that'll knock something
off the insurance and I don't know we'll
have to change my tags ever again so
that'll be pretty cool okay very good
about how much has it been dug keep the
vehicle so far has it been kind of
constantly or pretty cheap um it's not
been too bad i think since I've had it I
maybe had to get a fuel pump you know
obviously some upkeep like changed
rotors the only thing that's been a
little bit of a new census have had to
change a clutch master cylinder about
three times but I mean that's you know
that's not too bad change of clutch once
since I've got it but you know up keeps
been not to that it's not like an old
car that you're just throwing lots of
money into the Toyota reliability has
really come through because you're going
to be getting your antique tags are you
considering holding on to it for a while
and maybe restoring it to its original
factory condition yes definitely as long
as you know as long as I have the
financial means do
hold on to it which I mean I really
don't see any problem than that this is
definitely a car i'd love to have at
least in my garage for the rest of my
life you know I you know I just love
driving it love looking at it and really
have enjoyed it ever since I got it so
hopefully this thing will never leave me